in more flowers fernandez flowers I am in
master's degree in efficient building and
environmental energy rehabilitation
in madrid I had the opportunity to tell
with a faculty of teachers that with
another is going to have many aspects
singular in the city many be
too much has been built and everything
is very much in the investigation of
new things not to certifications the
products the benefits that it was
nuevoleonés go to learn things that wal
mart that here is missing not that here just
is knowing what countries have it so
developed
and will absorb it for this is to come
here to transmit it and to be able to investigate
more thanks paco I was born in the institute of
free transfer technology this 2
and help me an airplane that got the scholarship
to be able to do my studies I think
that we have many opportunities
very much is a new lion is there
is always always a very state
innovator who is always worried
why this continues and so this kind of
opportunities is an example of that not
of the whole plan they have to give
to be able to innovate and to be able to do
that people get more involved then
I believe that we are going very well and
can open what belongs to me now
is to convey this demand that you are
opportunities exist and they are here
for all
I studied a master's degree in technology
spatial and another in robotics and
spatial automation I was awarded a scholarship
I2C2 the program CONACYT and 2
thanks to the new government I was in
three countries for the same the program there
I saw what I had not seen in other places
invest a lot in technology develop
a lot of new things
all that I am I'm just bringing it
I just returned from the mastery but
I 'm pretty happy for this
I look for opportunity
professionally means of tools
of thought plus one more thought
innovative one more thought of listening
here there is a lot of investment in what is the
innovation theme because here is the park
the gd thank you very much and two of
two
the conacyt obviously all this
was for the new lion government the
initiative to put the park of
innovation research in technology
the pib this is something that not all
states have and even not all
countries count basically I'm in the
where should I be
michael andrew wainer de alba studying
the career of my development engineer
of software and if the expertise in
artificial intelligence in the
University of Edinburgh in Great Britain
you change the perspective completely
already in the studies and everything and
you realize that it is general while
which are much wider than
they seem and you learn a lot in my case
I learned from a little bit of all the branches of
artificial intelligence and already arriving
I have put myself into practice
what else brings me to attention
coming back from doing the studies continue
with the company that I'm running for and there
I was working helping to automate
the processes that the systems of
administration and a short time ago I decided
start with my own company is called
cervantes and we make systems of
semi-automated administration with
automatic integration processes
data I thank the government very much for not
lion and the conacyt and the institute of
science technology libido and two fingers
because they supported me a lot during
the entire process and at the end of the process
they were always there
communicating with me and explaining the
things
thank you very much for the support
my name is Alberto rendón hernández
I studied a master's degree in engineering
electric in the national institute of
applied sciences in the city of Lyon
in france many experiences in the
foreigner helped me to mature and
to value a lot what my country has and
what can also have the
return to Mexico this knowledge then
it is up to you to share from the start
did not have the economic resources
to pay for the expertise of which
postulate
I found support in the conacyt and the
government of new lion that without a doubt
this support would not have achieved my
objective of bringing this diploma from
foreigner to mexico
Upon returning from my graduate school in
research and development of siemens
he invited me to collaborate with them
to work the same as the university
autonomous new lion through the
power of dear mechanical and electrical
they invited me to participate in the
graduate program a teacher I see the
things in my country in a different way
I appreciate them much more
I feel committed to
will help this society grow to
have something very similar to what I come
the foreigner I want to thank the
autonomous university of new lion that
he was the one who applied for this scholarship
government of new lion and the conacyt
who contributed the resources
for the scholarship and so mens
where I work
with these three organisms this I feel
in commitment the future of new léon de
thanks to the program of economics and
knowledge society i what
I visualize as a very promising future
and that is carrying out actions that
they will take it to position themselves not nothing
more from mexico but from latin america
as a city of reference in terms of
knowledge